yep with airstream KOA represents 450
camp runs throughout North America we
have wonderful locations in the
mountains of Canada down to the beaches
of Florida and obviously this is one of
the more unique locations that we have
in our KOAT family being on the Las
Vegas Strip so again it's a it's a
pleasure to be here and thank you all
for coming I have a good friend of mine
actually from Big Timber Montana that's
that's here today so it's wonderful to
have a me here yeah we were excited one
of the fastest growing segments of the
KOA business is the non RV owner but
still wants to experience the RV
lifestyle it still wants to experience
the campground lifestyle and so for many
years the past 25 years we've offered
campers accommodations you primarily
true log cabins called camping cabins
and today we're proud to say that we
have close to 5,000 it was you know
450 network of campgrounds but it really
felt like that we were missing an
opportunity by not introducing families
to KOA in a motor home or a travel fit
art and we just felt like the most
iconic brand the most iconic design out
there was the earth three minutes and so
I'm proud to introduce Bob wheeler the
president of air stream who has
graciously gotten into this endeavor
with KOA we're excited we have ten units
here that'll be renting you can stand at
Eric's train tonight on the Las Vegas
Strip let the februari we're offering a
forty five dollar rate but we're also
introducing this program this week in
Key West Florida at our campground and
the Florida Keys and later this spring
will also be introducing this program in
Bar Harbor Maine or a koa there so it's
an honor for me to introduce a good
friend of mine Bob wheeler with
Airstream thanks Shane good morning
everyone I couldn't be more excited to
be here in Vegas to help launch this
relationship machine between airstream
and koa it aims to bring the two most
iconic names and camping together was
one that we at airstream is sought for a
long time and we're just very grateful
that this has finally come together
we're extremely excited about the
opportunity it really started with us
from the fact that we get calls back at
the headquarters in jackson center ohio
all the time people asking to rent air
strings they love the brand they have
some experience in their childhood that
they just really want to try it and it
presents a lot of logistic challenges to
put the thing out on the road with an
inexperienced tower and they don't have
the right vehicle so we've sought a long
time for the perfect opportunity to get
somebody into a rental airstream without
all the risk and the logistical hassles
so when koa called it presented the way
to solve all those problems provide all
the benefits to allow people to try
before they buy which is a big key for
us here so now we could say yes to that
question yes you can rent an Airstream
just go to koat.com and find where
they're installed go help your
another big key for us here is the
relationship between the airstream
Airstream dealership and the local
campground owner we get a lot of
customers in at our dealerships who were
kicking tires and they're thinking about
a purchase decision now we can say hey
go down to the local KOA spend a couple
of nights see what you think and then
hopefully there that's a step in the
their way to a purchase decision the
local dealership here just by the way is
pat clark custom trailers a great dealer
for us and we look forward to enhancing
their business by their relationship
with this particular KOA location so as
I said we're extremely excited it seems
odd to me to see these trailers here in
the shadow of the high-rises here in the
Vegas strip with all the glitz and
glamour but as Shane noted will very
soon be placing them on the beaches are
already in the beaches in sugar low key
and at Bar Harbor and many other koa
locations so at least in this particular
case what happens in Vegas doesn't stay
in Vegas will be using this as our
launch pad for thanks for the chuckle
house we using this as our launch pad
for a much broader relationship and we
hope you enjoy your time here to date
get a chance to look through the
trailers let us know what you think and
we have some absolutely lovely ladies
here that would love to have your
picture taken with and I experienced
that earlier going to ya I experienced
that earlier having a picture taken I'm
still recovering so
lower a wall of history not for the
faint of heart but again thank you for
coming out today get something to drink
and we'll be happy to answer any other
follow-up question to you